What did you do to him?
He was drunk. He was drunk.
I think you got him drunk
I want to cook raw rice
Then you can replace me
Become the wife of the Gu family
That's right. That's right.
You bad woman
I'll kill you.
You let me go
Jiang Caicai, I tell you
Even if you beat me to death today
I'm taking him away
I didn't mean to keep him.
You take him away
Jiang Caicai, I warn you
We're getting married soon.
You stay away from him
Marry your dream
You should wake up
The parent-child monitoring report is out
Jiang Xue, you really are not Doudou's biological mommy
Brother Zhengting, you are awake
Why am I here?
Am I not with Caicai?
Jiang Caicai got you drunk last night
He wants to plot against you
I saw through his trail
Bring you back
Zhengting brother
Jiang Caicai, this woman is scheming
You have to be careful
conspiracy
What was his idea?
Brother Jenny
I've already sent someone to pick up my parents
Today is the first time you have met
Come on.
Go to the restaurant